src/pages/about.md, before:

---
title: Who We Are
sections:
  - type: hero_section
    title: Who We Are
    align: center
  - type: content_section
    content: "DC Plastic Handrails is a family run business with over 35 years of experience in fitting plastic handrail capping and have grown to become one of the leading fitters of PVC handrail covering in the UK.\_ We are based in Newcastle upon Tyne and can travel to anywhere in the UK.\n\nWe have completed work for a wide variety of businesses and individuals including large building companies, schools, councils, hospitals, DIY and many more.\n"
  - type: team_section
    title: Our Team
    team:
      - src/data/team/miles-tone.yaml
      - src/data/team/dianne-ameter.yaml
      - src/data/team/eleanor-carr.yaml
      - src/data/team/hanson-deck.yaml
      - src/data/team/gordon-norman.yaml
  - type: cta_section
    title: Like the sound of us?
    subtitle: >-
      Get in touch and one of our friendly team will be able to discuss your
      requirements or get you a competitive quote and get your job sorted.
    actions:
      - type: action
        label: Contact Us
        url: /contact
        style: secondary
    has_background: true
    background_color: blue
seo:
  type: stackbit_page_meta
  title: About DC Plastic Handrails
  description: This is the about us page
  extra:
    - name: 'og:type'
      value: website
      keyName: property
    - name: 'og:title'
      value: Who We Are
      keyName: property
    - name: 'og:description'
      value: This is the about us page
      keyName: property
    - name: 'og:image'
      value: images/1.png
      keyName: property
      relativeUrl: true
    - name: 'twitter:card'
      value: summary_large_image
    - name: 'twitter:title'
      value: Who We Are
    - name: 'twitter:description'
      value: This is the about us page
    - name: 'twitter:image'
      value: images/1.png
      relativeUrl: true
template: advanced
---

Commit message:

about.md: updated description in seo

src/pages/about.md, after:

---
title: Who We Are
sections:
  - type: hero_section
    title: Who We Are
    align: center
  - type: content_section
    content: "DC Plastic Handrails is a family run business with over 35 years of experience in fitting plastic handrail capping and have grown to become one of the leading fitters of PVC handrail covering in the UK.\_ We are based in Newcastle upon Tyne and can travel to anywhere in the UK.\n\nWe have completed work for a wide variety of businesses and individuals including large building companies, schools, councils, hospitals, DIY and many more.\n"
  - type: team_section
    title: Our Team
    team:
      - src/data/team/miles-tone.yaml
      - src/data/team/dianne-ameter.yaml
      - src/data/team/eleanor-carr.yaml
      - src/data/team/hanson-deck.yaml
      - src/data/team/gordon-norman.yaml
  - type: cta_section
    title: Like the sound of us?
    subtitle: >-
      Get in touch and one of our friendly team will be able to discuss your
      requirements or get you a competitive quote and get your job sorted.
    actions:
      - type: action
        label: Contact Us
        url: /contact
        style: secondary
    has_background: true
    background_color: blue
seo:
  type: stackbit_page_meta
  title: About DC Plastic Handrails
  description: >-
    DC Plastic Handrails is a family run business with over 35 years of
    experience in fitting plastic handrail capping.
  extra:
    - name: 'og:type'
      value: website
      keyName: property
    - name: 'og:title'
      value: Who We Are
      keyName: property
    - name: 'og:description'
      value: This is the about us page
      keyName: property
    - name: 'og:image'
      value: images/1.png
      keyName: property
      relativeUrl: true
    - name: 'twitter:card'
      value: summary_large_image
    - name: 'twitter:title'
      value: Who We Are
    - name: 'twitter:description'
      value: This is the about us page
    - name: 'twitter:image'
      value: images/1.png
      relativeUrl: true
template: advanced
---
